README.md, before:


# Functional Programming Resource List

## Pure Functional Languages

### Haskell
- Official Website: https://www.haskell.org
- Documentation
	- [Hoogle - api search](https://hoogle.haskell.org)
	- [Hackage - package repo](https://hackage.haskell.org)
	- [Typeclassopedia](https://wiki.haskell.org/Typeclassopedia)
 	- [Haskell Wiki](https://wiki.haskell.org/Haskell) 
- Learn Haskell: https://www.haskell.org/documentation/
- Community: https://www.haskell.org/community/


## Mixed Paradigm Functional Languages

### OCaml
- Official Website: https://ocaml.org
- Documentation
	- [std lib](https://ocaml.org/manual/5.2/api/index.html)
	- [manual](https://ocaml.org/manual/5.2/index.html)
- Learn OCaml: https://ocaml.org/docs
	- [CS 3110](https://cs3110.github.io/textbook/cover.html)
- Community: https://ocaml.org/community

#### Additional Resources
- [99 OCaml Problems](https://ocaml.org/exercises)
- [7 OCaml Gotchas](https://dev.to/chshersh/7-ocaml-gotchas-207e)
- [Real World OCaml](https://dev.realworldocaml.org/)

### Elixir
- Official Website: https://elixir-lang.org
- Documentation: [https://elixir-lang.org/docs](https://elixir-lang.org/docs.html)
- Learn Elixir: [https://elixir-lang.org/learning](https://elixir-lang.org/learning.html)
- Community: Sidebar on the homepage

#### Additional Resources
- [Elixir school](https://elixirschool.com/en)

## Shared Concepts
- Category Theory
	* [Bartosz Milkewski's YouTube playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_&si=eTD42ZJk1Kpf7cgr)
	* [Bartos Milkewski's "Category Theory for Programmers"](https://bartoszmilewski.com/2014/10/28/category-theory-for-programmers-the-preface/)

## Additional Resources
- [Functional Programming Discord](https://discord.com/invite/kENVVQ5)

Commit message:

Add some additional haskell resources

README.md, after:


# Functional Programming Resource List

## Pure Functional Languages

### Haskell
- Official Website: https://www.haskell.org
- Documentation
	- [Hoogle - api search](https://hoogle.haskell.org)
	- [Hackage - package repo](https://hackage.haskell.org)
	- [Typeclassopedia](https://wiki.haskell.org/Typeclassopedia)
	- [Haskell Wiki](https://wiki.haskell.org/Haskell)
- Learn Haskell: https://www.haskell.org/documentation/
- Community: https://www.haskell.org/community/

#### Additional Resources
- [Haskell for Imperative Programmers - YT](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLe7Ei6viL6jGp1Rfu0dil1JH1SHk9bgDV)
- [Functors, Applicatives, And Monads In Pictures](https://www.adit.io/posts/2013-04-17-functors,_applicatives,_and_monads_in_pictures.html)
- [Reader, Writer and State Monads](https://www.adit.io/posts/2013-06-10-three-useful-monads.html)


## Mixed Paradigm Functional Languages

### OCaml
- Official Website: https://ocaml.org
- Documentation
	- [std lib](https://ocaml.org/manual/5.2/api/index.html)
	- [manual](https://ocaml.org/manual/5.2/index.html)
- Learn OCaml: https://ocaml.org/docs
	- [CS 3110](https://cs3110.github.io/textbook/cover.html)
- Community: https://ocaml.org/community

#### Additional Resources
- [99 OCaml Problems](https://ocaml.org/exercises)
- [7 OCaml Gotchas](https://dev.to/chshersh/7-ocaml-gotchas-207e)
- [Real World OCaml](https://dev.realworldocaml.org/)

### Elixir
- Official Website: https://elixir-lang.org
- Documentation: [https://elixir-lang.org/docs](https://elixir-lang.org/docs.html)
- Learn Elixir: [https://elixir-lang.org/learning](https://elixir-lang.org/learning.html)
- Community: Sidebar on the homepage

#### Additional Resources
- [Elixir school](https://elixirschool.com/en)

## Shared Concepts
- Category Theory
	* [Bartosz Milkewski's YouTube playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbgaMIhjbmEnaH_LTkxLI7FMa2HsnawM_&si=eTD42ZJk1Kpf7cgr)
	* [Bartos Milkewski's "Category Theory for Programmers"](https://bartoszmilewski.com/2014/10/28/category-theory-for-programmers-the-preface/)

## Additional Resources
- [Functional Programming Discord](https://discord.com/invite/kENVVQ5)
